Add information about publication: Energy storage in Central Asia (#682)
iiasa/message_ix: doc/usage.rst

The following is a selection of academic publications in which |MESSAGEix| was used to carry out energy systems research.
For each, the spatial scope/resolution, keywords and specific usage of |MESSAGEix| are described.

Role of energy storage in energy and water security in Central Asia
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. figure:: _static/usage_figures/10.1016-j.est.2022.104587.JPG
   :width: 250px
   :align: right

:cite:ct:`Zakeri2022`

- **Spatial**: Regional (Central Asia), multi-country including Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan
- **Keywords**: Energy storage, seasonal pumped hydropower storage, water management, renewable energy systems, energy policy, electricity storage, energy model

> - **Usage**: An energy-water system model of Central Asia with 12 sub-annual time slices for modeling and analyzing the role of energy and water storage solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Usage**: Model the energy-water system of Central Asia with 12 sub-annual time slices and analyze the role of energy and water storage solutions.
```
